update interactive docs (#926)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/utilities/interactive/partials/code/how-to-use.md

> ## How to use this component

Author: ```suggestion
## How to use this component

```

In this case, since no `@href` or `@route` argument is provided it will generate in output an HTML `<button>` element.

!!! Info

`type="button"` HTML attribute is applied by default to the element, but this can be overwritten using the "splattributes".
!!!

### With `@href` parameter (`<a>`)

!!! Critical

> We can't support the direct use of the `href` HTML attribute because we need to rely on the `@href` Ember argument to differentiate between different types of generated output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can’t support the direct use of the `href` HTML attribute because we need to rely on the `@href` Ember argument to differentiate between different types of generated output.
```

Author: 🤔  what is the difference between these characters? The one I have is the `'` key on my keyboard.
